Hello and welcome to the GMSL
University.
I am Blaine Ashley, your GMSL U
Headmaster and I'm excited to
bring to you ADI's new online
learning platform, GMSL U.
This free training platform has
been thoughtfully designed to
empower professionals like you to
learn, master and confidently
implement GMSL technology in your
projects and innovations.
GMSL University is a structured
university inspired learning
ecosystem that guides engineers
from foundational knowledge to
real world applications.
With a dynamic catalogue of
courses, GMSL U is a one stop hub
for everything GMSL.
Like any top tier university,
GMSL U follows a tiered
progressive course structure that
caters to learners at every
level.
Course levels 100 through 300
build your GMSL technical
expertise, while 400 and above
integrate the topics.
This can range from labs to
platform specific trainings.
Whether you're new to high speed
video transport or looking to
fine tune your expertise, GMSL U
delivers an intuitive learning
experience.
Each course within Gmslu is
thoughtfully designed to help
professionals understand,
implement and innovate using GMSL
technology.
The courses are then grouped into
three learning tracks, GMSL Core,
GMSL Sensor, and GMSL Display.
GMSL Core covers topics common to
sensors and displays, including
GMSL protocols and standards.
GMSL Sensor focuses on video
interfaces and features tailored
for camera and sensor based
applications, while GMSL Display
explores video interfaces and
features for display focused
systems.
This organization ensures
learners can focus on the areas
most relevant to their
applications, creating a
customized and efficient learning
journey.
Once each track is complete,
you'll earn a certificate of
completion, demonstrating your
understanding and readiness to
start innovating with GMSL.
To simplify these concepts, GMSL
U organizes topics into
fundamental implementation and
lab videos.
At the heart of GMSL U are its
fundamental videos.
These animated infographics
enhance foundational
understanding with engaging
visuals and detailed
explanations.
These videos complement ADI's
technical documentation which can
be quickly referenced in the
Related links section under each
course.
Here.
Links to analog.com FAQs, users
guides or even webinars will be
within easy reach, further
enriching the topics.
Implementation tutorials which
provide step by step application
specific demonstrations that
build on fundamental concepts,
helping you apply GMSL features
in real world scenarios.
Last is Hands on Labs which
provide practical examples using
procurable hardware and software
collateral to guide you through
complete GMSL system setups from
start to finish.
The GMSL U platform is
continually updated with content,
so make sure to check back
periodically or sign up for
notifications to keep you and
your certificate up to date.
On behalf of Adi and the GMSL
team, thank you for joining me
and welcome to the GMSL
University where learning meets
innovation.